First, we instantiate the Faust application.
Every Faust application has a name and a Kafka broker connection.
So here, we provided the name, and here,
we have provided our Kafka broker connection,
and we've instantiated a Faust app.
Next, we tell the App which topic we're interested in,
as well as the key and value types expected for this particular Kafka topic.
So here, we're instantiating a topic for
our Faust application and simply
providing the name of the topic that we're interested in.
In this case, I've named it a-Kafka-topic.
Once we've defined our topic and app,
we create an async function to be called when an event is received from our Kafka topic.
This function is decorated with an app agent which
tells Faust to route events from this topic to this function.
So here, you can see we defined a function
called purchase which takes a purchases stream,
we'll talk about this more in a few slides,
and we've used the async keyword.
This async keyword is part of some of the most recent versions of Python and this
is why you have to use a recent version of Python to use Faust.
We've also decorated the function with
app.agent and told it which topic we're interested in subscribing to.
So as events come into this topic,
they'll be piped into this async def purchase function.
The inner for loop is iterating on
an infinite stream of purchase events coming through the purchases stream.
Notice the async keyword indicating that we're using async IO again.
This keyword is not optional on either the function or on the loop.
Essentially, as events occur in this topic,
this iterator will be evoked and we'll
get a purchase event which we can then do something with.